markdown/expressions.md, before:

<div align="right">
    <h4>📥 » Last update: 30.08.2025 [DD.MM.YYYY]</h4>
</div>

## 🔥 Part 1 - Main firewall<div id="part1"></div>
> **Action:** Block
```
(cf.waf.credential_check.password_leaked) or
(http.referer eq "binance.com") or
(http.referer eq "google.com") or
(http.referer eq "https://google.com") or
(http.referer eq "bing.com") or
(http.referer eq "https://bing.com") or
(http.referer eq "http://n666888.com") or
(http.request.full_uri eq "https://api.sefinek.net/api/v2/random/animal/cat" and ip.geoip.asnum eq 8075 and http.user_agent eq "python-requests/2.31.0") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "\\") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/backup") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/git") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/old") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*.env*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/.*" and not starts_with(http.request.uri.path, "/.well-known/")) or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*//*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/actuator*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/cms*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/credentials*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/dbadmin*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/debug*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/env*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/etc*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/login.action*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/phpmyadmin*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/readme*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/sito*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/ssh*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/user.action*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/webdav*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/~adm*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/~sysadm*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/~webmaster*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*appsettings*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*authorized_keys*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*backup.*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*config*" and not http.host contains "cdn.") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*docker-compose*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*dockerfile*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*dump.*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*file_put_contents*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*id_rsa*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*keys.json*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*pboot:if*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*server.key*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*sftp*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*wlwmanifest*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*www-sql*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*_all_dbs*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*_debugbar*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*~ftp*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*~tmp*") or
(http.request.uri.query wildcard "*.env*") or
(http.request.uri.query wildcard "*etc/passwd*") or
(http.user_agent contains "   ") or
(http.user_agent eq "" and not http.host contains "api." and not http.host contains "cdn." and http.host ne "blocklist.sefinek.net") or
(http.user_agent eq "Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64)") or
(http.user_agent eq "Mozilla/5.0") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*embeddedbrowser*" and not http.host contains "api." and not http.host contains "cdn.") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*go-http-client*" and not http.host contains "api." and not http.host contains "cdn." and http.host ne "blocklist.sefinek.net") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*headless*" and not http.host contains "api." and not http.host contains "cdn.") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*mozilla/4.0*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*private_keys*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*windows 11*")
```

## 🔥 Part 2 - Main firewall<div id="part2"></div>
> **Action:** Block
```
(
  http.user_agent contains "aiohttp" or
  http.user_agent contains "aioquic" or
  http.user_agent contains "curl" or
  http.user_agent contains "okhttp" or
  http.user_agent contains "python-requests" or
  http.user_agent contains "python-httpx" or
  http.user_agent contains "wget"
) and not (
  starts_with(http.host, "api.") or
  starts_with(http.host, "cdn.") or
  http.host eq "blocklist.sefinek.net"
) or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*.log*" and not http.host contains "cdn." and http.host ne "blocklist.sefinek.net") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*.py*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*.sh*" and http.host ne "cdn.sefinek.net") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*.yaml*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*.yml*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*auth.json*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*conf.*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*crlfinjection*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*curl%20*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*curl+*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*fancyupload*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*php.ini*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*phpinfo*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*phpsysinfo*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*settings.local*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*settings.prod*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*wget%20*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*wget+*") or
(http.request.uri.query contains "%00") or
(http.request.uri.query contains "%0A") or
(http.request.uri.query contains "%0D") or
(http.request.uri.query contains "%2e%2e") or
(http.request.uri.query contains "..%2f") or
(http.request.uri.query contains "..%5c") or
(http.request.uri.query contains "../") or
(http.request.uri.query contains "..\\") or
(http.request.uri.query contains "squelette=../") or
(http.request.uri.query wildcard "*auto_prepend_file*") or
(http.request.uri.query wildcard "*crlfinjection*") or
(http.request.uri.query wildcard "*curl%20*") or
(http.request.uri.query wildcard "*curl+*") or
(http.request.uri.query wildcard "*ed25519*") or
(http.request.uri.query wildcard "*file://*") or
(http.request.uri.query wildcard "*php://*") or
(http.request.uri.query wildcard "*secrets.json*") or
(http.request.uri.query wildcard "*set-cookie:*") or
(http.request.uri.query wildcard "*wget%20*") or
(http.request.uri.query wildcard "*wget+*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*alittle client*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*example.com*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*php7.4-global*")
```

## 🗑️ Part 3 - Deprecated browsers, etc.<div id="part3"></div>
> **Action:** Managed Challenge
```
(http.referer contains "http://" and not http.referer contains "localhost" and not http.referer contains "127.0.0.1") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*.php*" and not http.request.uri.path contains "/clientarea.php") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/wp-admin*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/wp-includes*") or
(http.user_agent contains "Windows NT 5" and not http.user_agent contains "(via ggpht.com GoogleImageProxy)") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*android 8*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/101*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/103*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/104*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/112*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/113*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/114*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/118*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/119*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/120*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/17*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/30*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/31*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/32*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/33*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/34*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/35*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/36*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/37*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/38*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/39*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/41*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/42*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/44*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/48*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/49*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/52*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/53*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/58*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/59*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/60*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/61*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/62*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/64*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/65*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/67*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/68*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/69*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/71*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/73*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/74*" and not http.user_agent contains "Better Uptime Bot") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/77*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/78*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/79*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/80*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/81*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/83*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/84*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/85*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/86*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/87*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/88*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/89*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/91*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/92*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/93*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/94*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/95*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/96*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/97*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/98*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*crios/121*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*firefox/114*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*firefox/118*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*firefox/10*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*firefox/45*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*firefox/52*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*firefox/57*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*firefox/62*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*firefox/76*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*firefox/77*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*firefox/79*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*firefox/83*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*firefox/84*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*html5plus*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*mac os x 10_9*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*mac os x 10_15*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*msie*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*netfront*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*symbianos*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*trident/")
```

## 🤖 Part 4 - Block unnecessary bots<div id="part4"></div>
> **Action:** Block
```
(http.user_agent wildcard "*2ip*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*archive.org_bot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*awariobot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*barkrowler*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*blexbot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*bomborabot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*brightbot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*buck*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*bvbot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*bytespider*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*ccbot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*checkhost*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*cincraw*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*claudebot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*clickagy*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*cocolyzebot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*criteobot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*df bot 1.0*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*domainstatsbot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*domcopbot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*dotbot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*globalping*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*gulperbot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*httrack*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*iboubot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*internet-structure*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*internetmeasurement*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*ioncrawl*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*keys-so-bot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*magpie-crawler*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*masscan*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*megaindex*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*mj12bot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*nimbostratus*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*omgili*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*onalyticabot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*palo alto networks company*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*panscient.com*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*peer39_crawler*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*proximic*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*riddler*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*rogerbot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*sbl-bot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*semantic-visions*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*semanticbot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*serpstatbot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*sqlmap*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*thinkbot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*trendictionbot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*ttd-content*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*voluumdsp*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*wc-test-dev-bot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*webtechbot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*whatcms*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*intelx.io*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*zgrab*")
```

## 🌍 Part 5 - Block bots, ASNs and IPs<div id="part5"></div>
> **Action:** Block
```
(ip.geoip.country eq "T1" and http.host ne "blocklist.sefinek.net") or
(ip.geoip.asnum in {10630}) or
(ip.src in {
    5.62.47.232          5.75.225.67          2.189.5.142
    12.127.44.138        13.95.133.245        2.189.5.162
    20.216.217.5         24.172.34.114        35.222.91.153
    36.182.49.26         36.255.84.69         36.91.135.141
    36.95.142.35         37.120.192.154       37.187.181.109
    43.134.1.40          43.134.121.40        43.153.207.93
    45.164.174.27        45.227.195.121       45.231.223.252
    45.236.170.234       45.66.35.22          45.70.236.150
    46.161.196.222       46.2.5.84            47.106.193.183
    47.51.30.226         51.145.176.250       52.169.23.0
    52.178.159.39        77.111.245.13        77.238.225.41
    80.85.245.5          82.80.249.249        88.218.62.29
    89.110.84.123        89.228.193.116       91.215.85.29
    92.118.69.175        92.63.25.37          93.91.196.190
    94.179.141.78        102.22.20.58         102.68.128.195
    103.106.114.106      103.151.30.155       103.153.134.22
    103.156.70.38        103.165.155.254      103.169.129.4
    103.169.254.9        103.171.156.218      103.177.9.104
    103.188.252.66       103.208.27.214       103.24.213.118
    103.242.104.182      103.250.130.104      103.28.253.19
    103.46.4.7           103.6.177.174        103.68.214.97
    104.207.39.26        107.174.244.108      109.202.99.46
    111.119.201.71       111.119.217.95       111.170.150.25
    113.164.94.137       114.129.2.82         114.132.202.246
    114.132.202.78       115.127.116.242      118.101.56.156
    119.13.224.52        119.45.233.65        120.28.217.209
    122.10.112.77        122.155.165.191      122.185.198.242
    124.158.182.34       124.243.183.136      125.25.56.164
    132.147.137.52       134.122.135.138      136.227.162.124
    138.121.161.84       138.68.86.32         139.99.8.91
    143.110.208.18       143.255.80.134       146.190.174.167
    146.70.187.159       148.230.206.229      152.32.213.18
    152.39.163.95        156.146.33.76        156.228.100.3
    156.228.179.28       161.49.215.28        162.240.107.211
    162.240.151.98       162.240.96.88        164.92.244.132
    165.16.88.161        167.99.55.197        168.232.174.43
    172.183.241.1        172.190.180.150      173.199.122.130
    175.100.91.212       175.22.148.13        175.27.157.221
    176.102.144.126      176.31.174.113       177.130.104.106
    177.234.240.123      177.54.226.50        177.70.72.103
    177.87.144.122       179.1.192.5          179.43.188.122
    179.43.191.19        179.49.162.133       180.211.183.2
    180.31.234.71        182.44.2.148         184.72.145.180
    184.82.244.173       185.130.44.86        185.220.101.37
    185.247.229.182      185.255.45.241       187.188.101.205
    187.204.18.213       188.134.80.97        188.136.154.43
    189.35.11.247        189.48.88.204        190.102.139.146
    190.83.12.220        190.94.212.198       190.94.212.240
    191.179.216.84       191.240.153.144      191.37.1.155
    193.176.211.244      193.41.206.72        194.126.177.84
    194.163.149.123      196.251.113.74       196.251.72.191
    196.251.72.64        199.167.236.12       200.174.198.136
    200.174.198.144      200.174.198.222      200.174.198.224
    200.174.198.92       201.131.239.233      201.77.128.158
    201.77.96.149        202.47.181.150       202.47.88.2
    202.62.84.210        203.33.203.148       205.185.125.235
    209.209.28.22        212.174.79.169       212.54.224.108
    213.232.87.230       213.232.87.232       213.232.87.234
    216.87.69.230        216.9.224.141        217.182.194.108
    222.252.17.222       222.73.130.30        105.158.111.117
    139.155.242.149      146.70.14.30         182.138.158.242
    43.134.167.103       13.69.240.241        162.240.151.141
    84.55.46.74          162.240.111.156      5.112.16.2
    43.166.247.82        192.42.116.194       103.97.254.3
    164.92.86.220
})
```

Commit message:

http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/119*" and ip.geoip.asnum ne 14618

markdown/expressions.md, after:

<div align="right">
    <h4>📥 » Last update: 30.08.2025 [DD.MM.YYYY]</h4>
</div>

## 🔥 Part 1 - Main firewall<div id="part1"></div>
> **Action:** Block
```
(cf.waf.credential_check.password_leaked) or
(http.referer eq "binance.com") or
(http.referer eq "google.com") or
(http.referer eq "https://google.com") or
(http.referer eq "bing.com") or
(http.referer eq "https://bing.com") or
(http.referer eq "http://n666888.com") or
(http.request.full_uri eq "https://api.sefinek.net/api/v2/random/animal/cat" and ip.geoip.asnum eq 8075 and http.user_agent eq "python-requests/2.31.0") or
(http.request.uri.path contains "\\") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/backup") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/git") or
(http.request.uri.path eq "/old") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*.env*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/.*" and not starts_with(http.request.uri.path, "/.well-known/")) or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*//*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/actuator*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/cms*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/credentials*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/dbadmin*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/debug*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/env*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/etc*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/login.action*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/phpmyadmin*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/readme*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/sito*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/ssh*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/user.action*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/webdav*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/~adm*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/~sysadm*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/~webmaster*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*appsettings*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*authorized_keys*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*backup.*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*config*" and not http.host contains "cdn.") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*docker-compose*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*dockerfile*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*dump.*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*file_put_contents*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*id_rsa*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*keys.json*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*pboot:if*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*server.key*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*sftp*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*wlwmanifest*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*www-sql*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*_all_dbs*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*_debugbar*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*~ftp*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*~tmp*") or
(http.request.uri.query wildcard "*.env*") or
(http.request.uri.query wildcard "*etc/passwd*") or
(http.user_agent contains "   ") or
(http.user_agent eq "" and not http.host contains "api." and not http.host contains "cdn." and http.host ne "blocklist.sefinek.net") or
(http.user_agent eq "Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64)") or
(http.user_agent eq "Mozilla/5.0") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*embeddedbrowser*" and not http.host contains "api." and not http.host contains "cdn.") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*go-http-client*" and not http.host contains "api." and not http.host contains "cdn." and http.host ne "blocklist.sefinek.net") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*headless*" and not http.host contains "api." and not http.host contains "cdn.") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*mozilla/4.0*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*private_keys*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*windows 11*")
```

## 🔥 Part 2 - Main firewall<div id="part2"></div>
> **Action:** Block
```
(
  http.user_agent contains "aiohttp" or
  http.user_agent contains "aioquic" or
  http.user_agent contains "curl" or
  http.user_agent contains "okhttp" or
  http.user_agent contains "python-requests" or
  http.user_agent contains "python-httpx" or
  http.user_agent contains "wget"
) and not (
  starts_with(http.host, "api.") or
  starts_with(http.host, "cdn.") or
  http.host eq "blocklist.sefinek.net"
) or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*.log*" and not http.host contains "cdn." and http.host ne "blocklist.sefinek.net") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*.py*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*.sh*" and http.host ne "cdn.sefinek.net") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*.yaml*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*.yml*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*auth.json*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*conf.*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*crlfinjection*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*curl%20*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*curl+*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*fancyupload*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*php.ini*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*phpinfo*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*phpsysinfo*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*settings.local*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*settings.prod*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*wget%20*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*wget+*") or
(http.request.uri.query contains "%00") or
(http.request.uri.query contains "%0A") or
(http.request.uri.query contains "%0D") or
(http.request.uri.query contains "%2e%2e") or
(http.request.uri.query contains "..%2f") or
(http.request.uri.query contains "..%5c") or
(http.request.uri.query contains "../") or
(http.request.uri.query contains "..\\") or
(http.request.uri.query contains "squelette=../") or
(http.request.uri.query wildcard "*auto_prepend_file*") or
(http.request.uri.query wildcard "*crlfinjection*") or
(http.request.uri.query wildcard "*curl%20*") or
(http.request.uri.query wildcard "*curl+*") or
(http.request.uri.query wildcard "*ed25519*") or
(http.request.uri.query wildcard "*file://*") or
(http.request.uri.query wildcard "*php://*") or
(http.request.uri.query wildcard "*secrets.json*") or
(http.request.uri.query wildcard "*set-cookie:*") or
(http.request.uri.query wildcard "*wget%20*") or
(http.request.uri.query wildcard "*wget+*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*alittle client*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*example.com*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*php7.4-global*")
```

## 🗑️ Part 3 - Deprecated browsers, etc.<div id="part3"></div>
> **Action:** Managed Challenge
```
(http.referer contains "http://" and not http.referer contains "localhost" and not http.referer contains "127.0.0.1") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*.php*" and not http.request.uri.path contains "/clientarea.php") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/wp-admin*") or
(http.request.uri.path wildcard "*/wp-includes*") or
(http.user_agent contains "Windows NT 5" and not http.user_agent contains "(via ggpht.com GoogleImageProxy)") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*android 8*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/101*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/103*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/104*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/112*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/113*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/114*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/118*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/119*" and ip.geoip.asnum ne 14618) or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/120*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/17*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/30*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/31*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/32*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/33*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/34*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/35*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/36*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/37*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/38*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/39*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/41*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/42*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/44*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/48*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/49*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/52*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/53*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/58*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/59*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/60*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/61*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/62*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/64*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/65*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/67*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/68*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/69*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/71*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/73*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/74*" and not http.user_agent contains "Better Uptime Bot") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/77*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/78*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/79*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/80*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/81*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/83*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/84*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/85*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/86*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/87*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/88*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/89*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/91*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/92*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/93*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/94*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/95*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/96*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/97*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*chrome/98*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*crios/121*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*firefox/114*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*firefox/118*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*firefox/10*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*firefox/45*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*firefox/52*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*firefox/57*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*firefox/62*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*firefox/76*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*firefox/77*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*firefox/79*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*firefox/83*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*firefox/84*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*html5plus*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*msie*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*netfront*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*symbianos*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*trident/")
```

## 🤖 Part 4 - Block unnecessary bots<div id="part4"></div>
> **Action:** Block
```
(http.user_agent wildcard "*2ip*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*archive.org_bot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*awariobot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*barkrowler*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*blexbot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*bomborabot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*brightbot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*buck*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*bvbot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*bytespider*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*ccbot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*checkhost*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*cincraw*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*claudebot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*clickagy*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*cocolyzebot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*criteobot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*df bot 1.0*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*domainstatsbot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*domcopbot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*dotbot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*globalping*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*gulperbot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*httrack*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*iboubot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*internet-structure*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*internetmeasurement*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*ioncrawl*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*keys-so-bot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*magpie-crawler*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*masscan*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*megaindex*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*mj12bot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*nimbostratus*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*omgili*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*onalyticabot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*palo alto networks company*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*panscient.com*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*peer39_crawler*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*proximic*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*riddler*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*rogerbot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*sbl-bot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*semantic-visions*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*semanticbot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*serpstatbot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*sqlmap*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*thinkbot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*trendictionbot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*ttd-content*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*voluumdsp*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*wc-test-dev-bot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*webtechbot*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*whatcms*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*intelx.io*") or
(http.user_agent wildcard "*zgrab*")
```

## 🌍 Part 5 - Block bots, ASNs and IPs<div id="part5"></div>
> **Action:** Block
```
(ip.geoip.country eq "T1" and http.host ne "blocklist.sefinek.net") or
(ip.geoip.asnum in {10630}) or
(ip.src in {
    5.62.47.232          5.75.225.67          2.189.5.142
    12.127.44.138        13.95.133.245        2.189.5.162
    20.216.217.5         24.172.34.114        35.222.91.153
    36.182.49.26         36.255.84.69         36.91.135.141
    36.95.142.35         37.120.192.154       37.187.181.109
    43.134.1.40          43.134.121.40        43.153.207.93
    45.164.174.27        45.227.195.121       45.231.223.252
    45.236.170.234       45.66.35.22          45.70.236.150
    46.161.196.222       46.2.5.84            47.106.193.183
    47.51.30.226         51.145.176.250       52.169.23.0
    52.178.159.39        77.111.245.13        77.238.225.41
    80.85.245.5          82.80.249.249        88.218.62.29
    89.110.84.123        89.228.193.116       91.215.85.29
    92.118.69.175        92.63.25.37          93.91.196.190
    94.179.141.78        102.22.20.58         102.68.128.195
    103.106.114.106      103.151.30.155       103.153.134.22
    103.156.70.38        103.165.155.254      103.169.129.4
    103.169.254.9        103.171.156.218      103.177.9.104
    103.188.252.66       103.208.27.214       103.24.213.118
    103.242.104.182      103.250.130.104      103.28.253.19
    103.46.4.7           103.6.177.174        103.68.214.97
    104.207.39.26        107.174.244.108      109.202.99.46
    111.119.201.71       111.119.217.95       111.170.150.25
    113.164.94.137       114.129.2.82         114.132.202.246
    114.132.202.78       115.127.116.242      118.101.56.156
    119.13.224.52        119.45.233.65        120.28.217.209
    122.10.112.77        122.155.165.191      122.185.198.242
    124.158.182.34       124.243.183.136      125.25.56.164
    132.147.137.52       134.122.135.138      136.227.162.124
    138.121.161.84       138.68.86.32         139.99.8.91
    143.110.208.18       143.255.80.134       146.190.174.167
    146.70.187.159       148.230.206.229      152.32.213.18
    152.39.163.95        156.146.33.76        156.228.100.3
    156.228.179.28       161.49.215.28        162.240.107.211
    162.240.151.98       162.240.96.88        164.92.244.132
    165.16.88.161        167.99.55.197        168.232.174.43
    172.183.241.1        172.190.180.150      173.199.122.130
    175.100.91.212       175.22.148.13        175.27.157.221
    176.102.144.126      176.31.174.113       177.130.104.106
    177.234.240.123      177.54.226.50        177.70.72.103
    177.87.144.122       179.1.192.5          179.43.188.122
    179.43.191.19        179.49.162.133       180.211.183.2
    180.31.234.71        182.44.2.148         184.72.145.180
    184.82.244.173       185.130.44.86        185.220.101.37
    185.247.229.182      185.255.45.241       187.188.101.205
    187.204.18.213       188.134.80.97        188.136.154.43
    189.35.11.247        189.48.88.204        190.102.139.146
    190.83.12.220        190.94.212.198       190.94.212.240
    191.179.216.84       191.240.153.144      191.37.1.155
    193.176.211.244      193.41.206.72        194.126.177.84
    194.163.149.123      196.251.113.74       196.251.72.191
    196.251.72.64        199.167.236.12       200.174.198.136
    200.174.198.144      200.174.198.222      200.174.198.224
    200.174.198.92       201.131.239.233      201.77.128.158
    201.77.96.149        202.47.181.150       202.47.88.2
    202.62.84.210        203.33.203.148       205.185.125.235
    209.209.28.22        212.174.79.169       212.54.224.108
    213.232.87.230       213.232.87.232       213.232.87.234
    216.87.69.230        216.9.224.141        217.182.194.108
    222.252.17.222       222.73.130.30        105.158.111.117
    139.155.242.149      146.70.14.30         182.138.158.242
    43.134.167.103       13.69.240.241        162.240.151.141
    84.55.46.74          162.240.111.156      5.112.16.2
    43.166.247.82        192.42.116.194       103.97.254.3
    164.92.86.220
})
```
